Update move-users-from-on-premises-to-teams.md (#2820)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbHybrid/hybrid/move-users-from-on-premises-to-teams.md

Before moving any users, be sure to review the [prerequisites](move-users-between-on-premises-and-cloud.md#prerequisites) to move users to the cloud. Also be sure to review [Migration and interoperability guidance for organizations using Teams together with Skype for Business](/microsoftteams/migration-interop-guidance-for-teams-with-skype).

> [!NOTE]

> > Unified Contact Store should be disabled on the on-prem SfB account, for the contact to come over to teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Unified Contact Store should be disabled on the on-prem SfB account for the contact to be moved to Teams.
```
